Scraml End-User License Agreement (EULA).

Version 3, Effective as of October 6, 2017


This is a legal agreement between you and Atomic BITS bvba covering your use of
Scraml (the "Software"). If you choose to use the Software under this EULA and
not under its default AGPL license, then you (Licensee, as defined below) are
becoming a party to this agreement and you are consenting to be bound by all
the terms and conditions of this agreement.

Under this EULA, the software that is generated by Scraml (the Generated Code)
is no longer licensed under the AGPL conditions, but instead it will be
licensed under your own terms, provided that you include the limited warranty
statement for the Generated Code, which is provided in section 8 of this
license. This statement may, of course, be complemented with your own limited
warranty statement.

Note: In case the terms of this license agreement are in conflict with the
terms of any agreement between Atomic BITS and customer, the terms of the
latter shall prevail.


1. Parties

(a) "Licensor" means Atomic BITS b.v.b.a, having its principal place of
business in Belgium.

(b) "Licensee" means the sole proprietor or legal entity specified in the
license key.


2. Definitions

(a) "Software" means software program known as Scraml in binary or source form,
including its documentation, upgrades, supporting tools, and any Third Party
Software programs that are owned and licensed pursuant to Section 5 of this
Agreement by parties other than Licensor and that are either integrated with or
made part of Scraml (collectively, "Third Party Software"). The Software
contains a code generator and the definition of Software does not include the
generated code.

(b) "Generated Code" means the software that is generated by Software in binary
or source form, including its documentation.

(d) "License Key" means evidence of a license provided by Licensor to Licensee
in electronic or printed form. This License Key must be used to activate the
software under the conditions of this EULA.


3. Grant of license

Scraml is provided as open source with AGPL as its default license. When using
this EULA, which is done by activating a license key, all terms provided by the
default AGPL license are voided and replaced by the terms stated in this
license. In order to activate this license, the license key must be entered
into the Scraml configuration file, as is explained in the Scraml
documentation.

(a) This EULA can also be used as a free license, which can only be enabled for
non-commercial use, educational use (schools, universities, museums, libraries,
national park services) and for use in charity or humanitarian organisations.
See the Scraml documentation for an explanation on how to activate this EULA
under the free license conditions using a statement of intend as the License
Key.

(b) If you intend to use Scraml at your place of business or for commercial
purposes, you must purchase a commercial license key via our web site
(https://scraml.io).

(c) Under this EULA, Atomic BITS hereby grants to Licensee a worldwide,
non-exclusive license to use the Software for Licensee's purposes for the
duration of the license. The Generated Code that results from using Scraml
during the license period is not limited by this EULA. The Generated Code can
be used perpetually by Licensee on their own terms, provided that the limited
warranty statement of section 8 below is added to its terms of use. The
Generated Code will contain source code that overlaps with Generated Code that
is produced by other license holders. Licensee cannot claim exclusive rights
over these parts of the Generated Code when they would be distributed as
isolated entities. These parts should be treated as inseparable parts of the
Generated Code as a whole.

(d) Licensee may not distribute, rent, sub-license or otherwise make available
to others the Software or documentation or copies thereof. This limitation does
not hold for the Generated Code.

(e) Licensee may not remove any proprietary notices, labels, trademarks on the
Software or documentation. The source code of Scraml and its tools is open
source and all contributions that are made to it fall under the default AGPL
license of the Software. The commercial rights of all contributions made to the
Software are automatically transferred to Atomic BITS and may be exclusively
commercially exploited by Atomic BITS.

(f) If Licensee fails to comply with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, this Agreement and Licensee's right and license to use Software will
terminate immediately.

(g) This Agreement will be governed by the laws of Belgium, without reference
to conflict of laws principles. Licensee agrees that any litigation relating to
this Agreement may only be brought in, and will be subject to the jurisdiction
of, any Court of Belgium.


4. Ownership

Scraml Software is owned by Atomic BITS and is protected by copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. Therefore, Licensee must treat the Software
like any other copyrighted material. The Software is licensed, not sold.


5. Third party software license

(a) Licensee agrees to comply with the terms and conditions contained in Third
Party Software license agreements with respect to the applicable Third Party
Software.
(b) Licensee agrees and acknowledges that Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement
shall also govern Licensee's use of the Third Party Software. Licensor will
bear no responsibility with respect to any Third Party Software, and Licensee
will look solely to the licensor(s) of the Third Party Software for any remedy.
Licensor claims no right in the Third Party Software, and the same is owned
exclusively by the licensor(s) of the Third Party Software.
(c) Licensor provides no warranty, express or implied, including but not
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, title, and non-infringement, with respect to any Third Party Software.


6. License fees and payments

Licensee agrees to the terms and conditions of Software purchase published on
Licensor's website at https://scraml.io. Licensee will pay to Licensor the
license fee and other charges and expenses as set forth in an appropriate
invoice or other purchase documentation. Licensor may charge Licensee interest
for any payment that is more than thirty (30) days past due at the rate of one
and one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the highest amount allowed by law,
whichever is lower. Scraml and its tools are available for testing and
evaluation to their full extend under the AGPL license. We therefore provide
no refund policy on licenses that have been sold.


7. Limited warranty and disclaimer of damages: the Software

Scraml, Scraml support tools and documentation are "as is" without any warranty
as to their performance, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.
The licensee assumes the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
software. In no event shall Scraml or anyone else who has been involved in the
creation, development, production, or delivery of this software be liable for
any direct, incidental or consequential damages, such as, but not limited to,
loss of anticipated profits, benefits, use, or data resulting from the use of
this software, or arising out of any breach of warranty.


8. Limited warranty and disclaimer of damages: the Generated Code

The Generated Code is provided "as is" without any warranty as to their
performance, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. The
licensee assumes the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
Generated Code. In no event shall the Generated Code or anyone else who has
been involved in the creation, development, production, or delivery of this
software be liable for any direct, incidental or consequential damages, such
as, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits, benefits, use, or data
resulting from the use of this software, or arising out of any breach of
warranty.


7. Export regulations

Licensee agrees and accepts that Software may be subject to import and export
laws of any country, including those of the European Union and United States
(specifically the Export Administration Regulations (EAR)).


For exceptions or modifications to this Agreement, please contact Licensor at:

Email: sales@scraml.io

Copyright (C) 2017 by Atomic BITS, Belgium.

All rights reserved.
